Updating anaconda developer installation instructions (#63)
labscript-suite/labscript-suite: docs/source/installation/developer-anaconda.rst

In this example, we will use an existing conda environment named `py38`.
Skip the first line/step if continuing on from the instructions to :ref:`set up this environment <installation/setting-up-an-environment:Anaconda Python>`.

.. attention:: 
    For the following to work correctly on Windows, you need to use the Anaconda Powershell Prompt, not the Anaconda Prompt.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a link to the relevant github issues?
```suggestion
This will be the case until the following bugs are fixed: `conda-build#3813 <https://github.com/conda/conda-build/issues/3813>`_ and `conda#9445 <https://github.com/conda/conda/issues/9445>`_.

```

Detailed instructions
---------------------

> 

Reviewer: Might be good to add a comment saying that the detailed instructions give the explanations on how the quick start instructions work, but the commands are the same. Maybe something like
```suggestion
The following is a detailed explanation of the steps provided in the Quick start section above.
Refer to that section for the full text of the various commands.

```

Author: Agreed. I've also gone ahead and added it to the pip developer installation too, since that is where I copy-pasted a lot of this from anyway.

#. Fork the labscript-suite repositories you want to develop using the `GitHub online interface <https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo>`_. 
   Below we will include all repositories (except the labscript-suite metapackage).

#. Manually clone the forked repositories using |GitClone|_.

#. Use the `setuptools-conda install-requirements` command to introspect the dependencies from the cloned repositories.

#. Now use `pip` to install the cloned repositories in develop mode without build isolation or installing dependencies via `pip`:

   .. code-block:: console

      C:\Users\wkheisenberg\labscript-suite> pip install --no-build-isolation --no-deps ^
      -e labscript -e runmanager -e blacs -e lyse -e runviewer -e labscript-devices -e labscript-utils

   .. note::

>         * This will set your forked repository(ies) to be the 'origin' remote.

Reviewer: I think that the fact that "your forked repository(ies) to be the 'origin' remote." is due to step 2, so maybe this part of the note should be there? Or maybe it looks messy to have two small notes nearby like that?

Author: Nice catch! This is what I get for getting to copy-paste happy.

I don't mind having more notes messiness, so I've moved it around.

        * On Linux / macOS the line continuation character is ``\`` rather than `^`.

#. For each repository, set the upstream remote to the base labscript-suite repository:

   .. code-block:: console

        C:\Users\wkheisenberg\labscript-suite> cd blacs
        C:\Users\wkheisenberg\labscript-suite> git remote add upstream https://github.com/labscript-suite/blacs.git
        C:\Users\wkheisenberg\labscript-suite> cd ..

   Repeat for the other repositories.

#. Continue from step 4 (create the labscript profile) in the :doc:`regular-anaconda` instructions.

#. (Optional, but Recommended) Remove `conda` and its dependencies from the `py38` environment.
   This will allow you to use the standard Anaconda Prompt again with this environment without issues.
   The particular issue being addressed is that `setuptools-conda` installs the `conda` package in a non-base environment, which can cause issues.
   Once the installation is complete, `setuptools-conda` and its dependices are no longer needed and can be safely removed using:

   .. code-block:: console

       conda remove conda

>    Note that this command will only work when using the Anaconda Powershell Prompt and you have installed into a non-base environment as described above.

Reviewer: This sentence is kind of wordy. Maybe:

```suggestion
   Note that this command will only work if you use the Anaconda Powershell Prompt and have installed the labscript suite into a non-base environment as described above.
```
